 UN-Habitat and Global Covenant of Mayors call for programme submissions for the landmark July 2021 - UN-Habitat and the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy are calling for proposals for the upcoming virtual Innovate4Cities Conference. The I4C Conference (11 – 15 October 2021) supports accessible, innovative, equitable city climate action through promoting, guiding, and sharing city-focused research and innovation, driving partnerships and implementation at the local and neighbourhood scale. The call for submissions for the conference programme will close on 4 August. The co-hosts invite their global network from academia, city practitioners, policymakers, the private sector, civil society and international organisations to showcase the latest science and innovation to bridge the gap between climate ambitions and results. Submissions should focus on research and innovation across the themes inspired by the Global Research and Action Agenda on Cities and Climate Change Science, that resulted from the first Cities and Climate Change Science Conference in Edmonton, Canada in 2018. Topical Themes: Built and Blue/Green Infrastructure Sustainable Consumption & Production Finance Informality Uncertainty Urban Planning and Design Cross-cutting Themes: City-level models and data Governance Scale Systems approach Justice and equity Digitalisation and smart cities Health and wellbeing The I4C Conference will discuss the current COVID-19 pandemic’s impact on the urban landscape. COVID-19 transformed cities, widening existing inequalities, exacerbating financial hardships, and exposing new vulnerabilities. When we rebuild cities in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, we must ensure that the green recovery is inclusive and provides co-benefits, such as improving health outcomes, promoting economic development, delivering jobs, and addressing gender and racial inequities. Justice and equity have therefore been added as cross-cutting themes for the conference, along with health and wellbeing and digitalisation. Who can apply? Academic and research institution Charitable Foundation Financial Institution Intergovernmental Organisation Local and regional government association Local government National government Governmental ministry or agency Media Non-governmental organisation Private Sector Trade association The submissions for events can be in range of virtual formats. The programme aims to be innovative and provides space for all voices to be heard. The conference focuses on research and innovative practice and will showcase diverse range innovation. Key dates for call for submissions Launch: 5 July 2021 Deadline for submissions: 4 August 2021 Notification of selection to programme submitters: 3 September 2021 Deadline to confirm offered programme slot: 8 September 2021 Interested applicants should submit this form before 4 August 2021. When we rebuild cities in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, we must ensure that the green recovery is inclusive and provides co-benefits, such as improving health outcomes, promoting economic development, delivering jobs, and addressing gender and racial inequities. The conference will showcase diverse range innovation. We are looking for new data, research and insights, and encourage you to apply for the call to become part of the conference.